[13.0][FIX] dms: Set res_mimetype correctly in files (#131)
OCA/dms: dms/readme/INSTALL.rst

`mail_preview_base` is required for DMS but it is recommended to install all
the other `mail_preview` modules from `social` OCA repository
in order to improve the preview of files.

> `python-magic` library is recommended to install to correctly define file
> types and file preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`python-magic` library is recommended to be installed for having whole support
to get proper file types and file preview.
```
